## Mixtape

Mixtape is a simple command line that app that ingests a `mixtape.json` file
along with a `changes.json` file to simulate CRUD operations on the
`mixtape.json` file.

### How To Run The Application

#### Docker

In order to run this through a Docker container, you must have [Docker](https://docker.com)
installed.

Once installed, simply run the following command:

```
$ docker-compose run mixtape
```

#### Baremetal

To run in baremental (directly on your host machine) you must have
[go](https://golang.org) installed in your machine. Once you have that
installed, run the following command:

```
$ go get ./...
$ go run main.go
```

#### Output

The `output.json` file will be located in the `testdata/` directory in the
root folder. This applies to both running in a Docker container or baremetal.

### Author's Note

- I did not test private functions because I don't think it's merited
    especially that the private function is being tested in the public
    function where it is called (Playlists.generateNextID)

- I assumed that when creating a playlist, the ID of the playlist will be
    autogenerated and will be sequential.

#### Scaling Ideas

- The initial implementation does not leverage go's native concurrency. One
    thing to look at when scaling this application is to leverage that.
- When dealing with concurrency, scaling the ingestion to multiple files will
    become performant though the drawback is if the file is large.
- When dealing with a big file, we can instead stream the data instead of
    reading it all in order to preserve memory
